Imagine we're organizing this press conference.
We've invited 10 news reporters and when it's time for them to ask the first question,
we want to randomly pick one of them.
To make the random selection as fair as possible,
we decided to build a Java program to help us.
However, the first thing we need to decide is what
variable types should we use to keep track of the news outlet names.
Strings come to mind,
but there are 10 of them.
Are we going to declare 10 different strings?
Well, we can, but not only will our code get ugly and too long,
but also, how are we going to randomly pick one of them?
Luckily, Java has this cool datatype called arrays.
Let's have a look how they work.